Hello everyone!
Virtual~
dog here!
Ho~wl!
You haven't clicked on the wrong channel
so don't worry!
Huh?
This name is... lazy?
Hmm...
But
it's so easy to understand
so don't you think it sticks?
Dog
Virtual... Dog
Well, you know!
If I don't keep coming up with new content
I can't keep surviving on this platform~!
What...?
This is...
old news...?
Mmm...
You're lying!
C'mon, c'mon!
This is something
I, a super intelligent Virtual Dog,
researched to find is super cutting edge!
So you must be lying~
Right?
Right!
Oi oioioioi!
What's all this?!
Virtual Dog...
what kind of lazy name is that?
You know...
Doesn’t Virtual Pig...
just sound so much cuter?
You see, this crease... on my forehead
is pretty interesting, right?
Nothing like that Virtual Dog has!
These aren't even
proper names at all!!
Ah, me?
My name is~
My
name is...
Mr. Pig!
Huh?
This is
such a good smell!
Did you change your shampoo?!
Yesterday I sent you a message on LINE but...
you must've been sleeping~
Right~
You were sleeping? Of course~
And what position did you sleep in?
Hmm? Ah...!
So you were sleeping hugging the futon?
Ehe, how cute~!
Well!
There is no particular reason why I asked you that
Right~
it's just
I wanted to chat with you for a bit!
Hehe~
Lately it’s just been like no matter what I say
people keep calling me a sexual harasser...
It’s pretty...
crushing!
Right?
I’ve gotta live honestly
ho~nest~ly
for myself, don’t I?
Huh?
Oh, by the way
You’ve been
pretty cute lately...
Do you have a boyfriend?
Hikakin
TV
everyday!
BOOM BOOM, hello YouTube!
Hello!
This is Hikakin’s granny!
Hnnn!
Look, look!
Take a look!
My cheeks!
Hnnn!
Time for a drumro~ll!
BOOM BOOM!
Brbrbrbrbrbr-
CLASH!
Huh?
Time for some beatboxing!
Um...
It’s quite difficult!
Hikakin-san...
is amazing!
It’s such a tough world!
Registers at the convenience store...
are just too hard to deal with!
My pay rate...
just won’t ever rise!!
Neeeeigh!
I’m a unicorn!
I’m not a
cool unicorn
like you’re all thinking...
If anything
I’m a very horse-like unicorn!
Neigh~!
Take a look at this-
Ahh~
...ahh~
It’s super easy
for dentists
to take a look
at my teeth, isn’t that cool?
I have great teeth
Only pure maidens
can ride
atop my back,  but...
I think
I’d let you ride me too!
Hey?
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeey there!
Ah, I popped out!
This is so fun!
Apple!
I have a little request
Please release an ‘Animoji’ of me~!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait